our inside edge segment then and Yash
will now focus on ICICI Lombard which
has been surging in trade a good set of
numbers that the company reported more
details with Yash
>> well absolutely uh as far as the stock
is concerned today uh seeing a very very
strong surge as far as today's trading
session is concerned and three important
reasons for that move in the stock today
one is very strong performance coming in
the second quarter when it comes to most
of the parameters uh second uh the
weakness in some parameters when a
couple of parameters which has come the
weakness is a lot less than what the
market had expected and third both these
first and second factor coupled with the
stock not doing anything in the last 3
months I'll start with what has done
very well for the company in the second
quarter the net earned premium that has
seen a strong growth of about 12%
operating profit that has grown by 13%
finally the profit after tax growing by
18%. Uh in terms of segmental
performance, both motor retail health
and group health have performed very
well with a strong momentum in both
these counters. Motor premium growing by
10%, retail health up 50%, group health
growing by 15%. Now the weakness is a
lot less in some counters as per market
expectation. Underwriting loss that
increased just by about 10% and combined
ratio went up by nearly just about 100
basis points came in at 105.1 versus
104.5
as I said uh strong growth in most
parameters uh lot less the weakness is
lot less in certain parameters that
coupled with the stock not doing
anything in the last 3 months in the
last 3 months the stock is in fact down
8% last one month the stock is down 2%
so of course the stock has been under
pressure and that you know uh getting a
strong push with the second quarter
results coming in on a very strong
footing today.
>> Okay. All right. Uh Yash. In fact, let's
listen into what Gopal Balchandra who's
the CFO of ICICI Lumbat had to say.
>> I think if you look at the command ratio
that we reported for quarter 2 again I'm
just looking at it uh on a like to like
basis for ease of reference. uh the
quarter two of this year the command
ratio was about 103.9 9% on an end basis
this number in quarter 2 of last year
was about 104.5 so directionally I think
what we have been able to exhibit is an
improvement in combined uh at a company
level and therefore uh the trajectory
that one expects is also to continue to
see uh improvement in combined playing
out for ICLA
I think what we would be kind of looking
for is to try and see if we can get an
alpha or growth higher in the in the
range of 100 to 200 basis points. I
think that's what we would kind of
largely be kind of working towards. But
more importantly, obviously kind of
staying focused on delivering profitable
growth and sustainable return on uh
equity.
>> That's all about ICIC Lombard as of now
managing to hold on to gains of 8 to 9%.
But on that note, we're going to sip
into a very short break. But a quick
programming note that we have coming in
for you all. If you're looking for big
bets and market themes for the festive
season, CNBC TV18 Access gives you a
direct access to Helios Capitals Samir
Aurora as he shares his winning market
themes and actionable investment
strategies. Ask your questions live on
16th of October at 2 p.m. Become a
member today on the CNBCTV8 app or log
on to cmbbcttv8.com access plans.
[Music]